Okay, we've got half an hour for this one to discuss the functional design. and I've put the minutes of the last meeting in the project folder. so I guess just to to recap on what we did last time. kind of got to know each other a little bit and got familiar with all the equipment. and started to discuss a bit about the project, you know, cost-wise how much how much money we had to s. just want to tell you that you have three new requirements,. which is the The first one is that the company's decided that teletext is outdated because of how popular the internet is. so we don't really need to consider that in the functionality of the of the remote control. they've also suggested that we we only use the remote control to control the television, not the VCR, DVD or anything else. I think the worry is that if the project becomes too complex then it'll affect how long it takes us to get it into into production, the time to market. So, we're just gonna keep it simple and it'll just control the TV. And the other thing was that the company want the corporate colour and slogan to be implemented in the new design. I'm not entirely sure what the corporate colour is. It might be yellow, because there seems to be a lot of yellow everywhere.
And the slogan, like the actual written slogan, or just to embody the idea of the slogan?
Th because on the the company website, what does it say
'Bout putting the fashion in electronics.
I mean do they Is that something they want actually written on it,. 'cause it's quite long. So those are the three things,. just not to worry about teletext, only control the TV, and and incorporate the colour and slogan of the company. time for presentations then.
So this is the technical functions design. to do the the design I have I've had a look online, I've had a look at the homepage,. I've had a look at the previous products to see what they offer. having a look at the existing products, I found out that it tends to come in sort of two extremes,. there's either a very complicated one that's got lots of buttons, lots of colours, very confusing, you don't know what you're doing. in that case the the labelling tends to be very bad. here the button there and there. That one's perg and that one's prog,. and it doesn't really tell you what it does. not sure if you had a a look at the other control in that example. it's a very simple one. It's got only the basic functions. but it's the same size as the the hard to use one. it looked a bit clunky. They're very big and not very much use for buttons. and it's just very hard to access the advanced functions. my own preferences, I prefer the the clunky one. so I believe the the advanced functions should maybe be hidden in a drawer,. So, now I'd like to ask for your preferences.
Which which is the clunky one, the one on left or on the right?..
The clunky one is the one on the right. I think it's supposed to be the same size, but it's got much fewer buttons.
Well I think it's a valid point. I mean like the one on the left looks quite quite complicated,. so I see I see why yo you know you might prefer the simpler design,. you know you get a lot of remote controls where you kind of flip the thing open,
Do we have any functions that we'd want on it? I mean so far I've got on and off, switch the channel up and down, and put the volume up and down.
And then actual numbers for channels as well, yeah.
You say that's a a required one or a requested one?
God, I wou I would say that's required,. I mean there's no way anybody's gonna buy a remote control these days when if you can't actually individually select channels,. any kind of like display controls at all do you think we need to worry about,
Well I think I think es essentially what we're doing right now is we're categorising. We're saying well we want this to be a product that offers all the sort of more tricky features but we want them to be in another area?
We need to find out exactly what we have to have. and after that we can add things if they're possible.
So so far, just to recap you've got volume and channel control and
There's on and off, volume and channel, and skip to certain channels with the numbers.
Well, one one way I would look at this would be that we a approach the different controls in terms of like control types,. so that for the user it's very clear what they want to do where they go. and also think maybe a little bit about sorta w what would just wanna be acc easily accessible. For example if we had audio controls, those could be something people set up very rarely. Maybe they're un they're they're they're in a little area but covered up,. things like channel and volume are used all the time,. so we just have them right out on top,. so maybe we need to think about having three or more groupings of controls,. you know like one which are just the the habitual ones that should be right within your natural grip. and then others that are concealed.
And then maybe just things that would be nice if it could do would be things like audio set up and display set up and things like that,. maybe like a mute button,
I dunno whether this is for good or for bad. but there'll be a lot of kind of redundancy in the in the the issues and the the the things. what I've already started doing is cr I created a slide in in my presentation here. so that we kind of think well what's the cumulative effect of what we've taken from your ideas and and mine,. Obviously obviously what you've just told me what you've just told me impacts a lot on what like market research that that I've been
Hard to know what where your role ends, yeah.
Before I bring this up what I'll just say is what I've what I've done is tried to collect some information so that I can then relay this to to you guys so that it's now becomes a collective thing. And then kind of lead us in the direction of deciding, 'kay what what are our options, what should we decide. So what I basically got is I just looked into some information. and sort of th tried to think about how how we could review it. and what kind of decisions we could take away from it. So I'm thinking here about primarily about customer needs,. and what are issues with with existing products. and also about try and connect that as you see with the company vision. So this is what I've found here,. users dislike the look and feel of current remote controls. Most people find them ugly. the vast majority would spend more money for it to look fancy as well,. we'll see later, the vast majority would spend more money for slightly more intuitive control, such as voice recognition. most people use only a a very slim portion of all the controls. they tend to use the most simple controls. if for me this is sorta like three different different inspirations, you know,. one is that we want something that's high-tech but we want it to seem easy. And in spite of the primitive side of it and the very high-tech side, we want it to just be an appealing piece of equipment in people's hands. They get lost a lot,. takes time to learn how to use them. and I will admit I don't know what RSI stands for. adults at least would pay more for voice recognition. Now apparently we do have access to all the tech cutting edge technology in remote control. if that's possible we might consider getting into it. I think a recurring theme here is the company wants it to be wants us to make something that's fashionable and sleek and trendy. You know, they like the aesthetics and the ergonomics.
So it you wanna group all the different kind of types of functions together, you know.
My hope here is that I'm putting out this information so that we can then say okay, well how do we collectively move on with it. I I haven't brought out one specific marketing idea,
Well, one of the things that we have to decide on by the end of the meeting is who we're gonna be who's our our target audience, our target market. so if we want something that that looks good and is easy to use, but has is fairly powerful product, whatever, who do we really want to aim that at?
Where's the money, maybe.
Yeah, who wou who would have the money to spend. it's somebody who's not gonna just use the remote that comes with their telly, I suppose,
I think it'll be the mid range to the high end market, in terms of people. 'Cause twenty five Euros for a remote, how much is that lo locally in pounds? is that a lot of money to buy an extra remote or a replacement remote? so maybe not the high end range, but maybe middle, middle up-ish.
Mostly focused around the twenty five age group. Sort of young professional, kind of. -
Do you think then voice recognition is something we should really seriously consider?
It does it does fit with the market that we're sort of identifying,
I think we are gonna have to narrow it down,. and 'cause you know, there needs to be some kind of selling point to it. if we are going to include speech recognition, it's kind of between fifteen and thirty five seems to be like a really high response to that.
I I think twenty five to thirty five is is is fair to add that in as a group as well
Okay, so fifteen to thirty five, look fairly young.
So these are people who are gadgety, right?
So they'll not sh not shy away from something quite high-tech. so shall we make the decision to include speech recognition
I I think one thing we should try not to avoid is not to say we have to use speech recognition right now,. because, based on what you've go everybody's saying, right, you want something simple. Speech recognition might not be the simplest thing for somebody to use.
Could it be an on off thing?
But what I'm saying is that we're we're trying to lock ourselves into a particular kind of technology,. rather than focusing on on exactly what are the features that we're gonna say, and then, you know, say speech recognition is good for this, speech recognition is not good for this. but at end of the day we don't look at the technology, but we look at the function first.
Might have been a good idea to all deliver our presentations and then discuss,
Well it's good to get ideas out while they're fresh in mind.
Is if we make it speech reco if we incorporate speech recognition, that's appealing to people maybe with a physical disability as well.
And also it helps in terms of people not losing this,
I reckon one problem with speech recognition is. I've actually seen one of them used. and the technology that was in that one wasn't particularly amazing,. so you end up yelling at the control for hours.
Do you think maybe we need like further advances in that kind of area until it's worthwhile incorporating it though?
I think it'd probably quite expensive to put in.
Well this is just the working design. I guess I try to define like what we're doing now,. but we're we can't we haven't narrowed down exactly what the things we're trying to fulfil, like. I think back in the back of our minds we know what the basics are. Has to change channels, has to change volume,. but in like specifics, right, which one of the basics are you trying to target. so I'll go into the diagram first. It just explains how the process goes through,. from the basic technology point of view,. the basic steps that you need. you need some power source. 'Kay, a battery or something, to keep it going. and that power source is important. because it ties you down to how long the device will last. Like for example, voice recognition, right. That might be constrained because that you might need to power a microphone,. so that's one perhaps constraint there. Th Okay, the basic thing is there's a user interface. You know, and that picks up an input from a user,. a series of logic has to decide what the user is telling the device,. and then it needs to be able to send the signal out to the device itself. like voice recognition, right,. if it's something which is important then we just add more power. rather than having a thing that we don't have enough power. maybe you you wanna go back to what the functions are?
Well, do you wan do you wanna finish up your your whole presentation then?
Yeah, I'm done. you have a transmitter, an input device, logic chip,
Since we're on the topic of the technology, are there any like what are our options? Is this the only way that we go about it, or are there other thin
These these aren't technology options in that sense. a basic principles and basic components that are needed. So each component represents one function,. but I think the basic functions are the logic, the transmitter, and the receiver, okay,. and the power are things that you won't have to care about. there might be one other consideration which would be that the the transmission between the remote control and the TV for example. Okay, are we gonna restrict ourselves to using the traditional technologies of infra-red thing? Because that's something you need to actually be physically be pointing to. Right.
Well well a worry that was was expressed in the new requirements was that if we made this too complex it would it would effect how long how long it took us to get this to market,. so I th suspect it might be a good idea just to restrict our kind of our creative influence on this on the user interface. because I mean it it's tried and tested intra-red,. so we could stay with tha
If somebody's gonna talk to the device, you ideally want them to hold it to them. so because if you're using infra-red, the line of sight say the TV's at that chair, and I'm standing in front of here and the transmitter is here, it blocks it.
Does is our controller is it have the option of being on a standard frequency as all of the other equipment,
There's there's not much specific specific information,
In the new requirement spec they said just to focus on the TV,. is it worth considering like having like a charging unit as opposed to just regular batteries? or should we just consider running on regular batteries?
Okay, from from a from a component point of view there's added complexity,. and you add cost to it,. You need a docking cradle, for example, for you to put it in to charge. Or you need to get the user to plug it in. and most users are very use already used to the idea of buying batteries and putting it into the controller. then I don't think rechargeable is something we should you know, we really need to care about.
Okay, so just stick to to regular. I'm just gonna just recap what I said at the start,. was that the the whole point of this meeting was to absolutely finalise who we're gonna aim this at,. Are we all happy about the idea of aiming the product at the fifteen to thirty five bracket?
Yeah, that's good.
And also the funct the the actual functions of what it's gonna do.
I think we just say that it was gonna be the the most basic stuff possible. on off, up and down channels, up and down volume and skip to a channel.
And is it going to include any of the the more advanced features,
I think we include mute,. but apart from that I think we just we'll go for the simpleness.
Is it not an option still that we include some things just as a sort of under like sort of under a door or some
Yeah, it's as optional functions.
'Cause what what I'm I'd be a bit worried about is if someone was had previously developed habits of expecting to control surround sound or this and that with their controller and then and then they, you know, they get ours and it's doesn't have that.
Another thing that you were saying about categorising the controls? maybe I could suggest we we break them down into three simple categories. One would be audio controls,. one would be video controls,. and the other one would be a device. it's something they do other things to like turn it on and turn it off. I mean like so what we could have is like three buckets, right, where we could throw things into,. and then from there decide whether it's basic, or it's non-basic.
And then we're gonna have thirty minutes of working on the next stage. so I guess just to just to confirm that we know what we're doing in the next well in the thirty minutes after lunch anyway,. for our Industrial Designer, you're gonna be thinking about the components concept. User Interface Designer gonna be thinking about our user interface,. and marketing you're gonna be thinking about trend watching. and you'll all get specific instructions as well.
Shall we agree for sake of sort of clarity and when we when we resume that we'll use this idea David's proposed,. where we think of these three sort of buckets and anything anything we discuss about them is sort of, okay, we're talking about this.
Yeah, yeah I think that's definitely a good idea.
Device is basically anything which we can't categorise, right.
So you're gonna have audio which is gonna be like you know your bass settings and actual volume hi
And then video is anything that you can see.
Okay, so brightness, contrast, things like that,
And then I suppose quite likely what would happen is in the device category there might be some which are just like the habitual standard
So yeah, I guess just things to think about are you know like the fact it's gotta look good,. something maybe kind of quirky in design maybe. Make it kind of ergonomic kind of to hold,